IPBUILD.TXT			
11/96

The following files in the IPGNUSRC directory are for creating an IP.BIN.  It is based on 
source code that's on the DTS CD, but is documented better.  Also included are 
some general and background material to assist in using keydisks and IP's.

When you create an IP.BIN for your product you should create it by compiling it 
for your product. You should NEVER patch or otherwise re-use an IP from elsewhere. 
A Sega solution to create this IP is contained in the IPGNUSRC directory. The 
solution is very well documented, and as long as you follow the instructions 
carefully, you should have little problem creating your IP.BIN.

Directions for use:

1)	In the directory \IPGNUSRC\SYS, read the file sys_id.src. This is
	a documented code file. Normally you can customise your IP.BIN entirely
	by making changes to this file alone.

2)	IP.BIN is compiled through GNU V2.6+. To compile type the command line
	'make' from within the IPGNUSRC\SYS directory after ensuring that the 
	GNU compiler is correctly setup.


There is no one-to-one relationship with specific IP's and specific key discs. 
Instead, an IP is either Third party or Sega brand. If the key disc is black the 
IP needs to be built for third party. If it is red then the IP needs to be built 
for Sega brand. If for example, you are creating a third party IP, then ANY black 
key disc will be suitable for booting this IP IF the following condition is met :

Each Saturn in a Sega territory is stamped with a specific country code. For Japan 
this is "J". For Europe this is "E". For the USA a "U". An IP in a product also 
contains one or more country codes which MUST match the country code of the machine 
on which the game is to be run.

You DO encode your third party code as on your key disc into your IP.BIN, however, 
this is NOT essential for the booting process, but needs to be included for later 
evaluation at the submission stage.

When a saturn disk is booted, IP.BIN is first loaded and executed, and then control 
is passed to your program via an address jump built into IP.BIN. It is imperative 
that your programs load and run address are consistant with the address which IP.BIN 
expects to see your program reside at. I would strongly advise you to ensure that 
your program's load / run address are the same AND are above 0x6004000 (the Sega 
default is 0x6010000).

